Formatting updates (#971)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/known-issues.md

<br/>

<br/>--------<br/>

*2019-04-25 Page updated with editorial review* </br>

> *2019-04-25 Removed out-dated known issues from this page and added links to current known issues.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*2019-04-25 Removed outdated known issues from this page and added links to current known issues.*
```
